Add contribution guide and extend pull request template (#518)
CLIMADA-project/climada_python: CONTRIBUTING.md

# CLIMADA Contribution Guide

Thank you for contributing to CLIMADA!

## Overview

Before you start, please have a look at our [Developer Guide][devguide].

To contribute follow these steps:

> 1. Fork the project on GitHub.

Reviewer: I think we have to be a bit careful here. So far, all developer's directly affiliated with the WCR have been working directly on the repository (to simplify things as described in the Developer Guide). Thus, forking would only be for unrelated developer's. So, I am not sure whether this general formulation will not create more confusion.

Author: I think the [documentation](https://climada-python.readthedocs.io/en/stable/guide/Guide_Git_Development.html#Installing-CLIMADA-for-development) on devs environment and branching is already quite extensive. I felt like the instructions here were somehow outdated, but I simply copied them over from the `README.md` for consistency. I think it would suffice to only link to the documentation and drop the instructions here completely. Would you agree? (This also applies to your second comment)

Reviewer: Yes, I would agree. Probably we should take one moment to step back and check whether the CLIMADA landing page is then still clear enough for newcommers.

Author: Fine by me. How do you want to proceed, then?

Author: I re-wrote the instructions here: https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_python/pull/518/commits/6a991e746d76bc76ec3b89888a3480fa980222a6 Would you take another look?

Reviewer: Amazing! Thanks, it is much improved now.

2. Create a local clone of the develop branch (`git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/climada_python.git -b develop`)

> 3. Install the packages in `climada_python/requirements/env_climada.yml` and `climada_python/requirements/env_developer.yml`.

Reviewer: There are already installation instructions in the doc, I think we should not duplicate them here in case something changes.

To contribute follow these steps:

1. Install CLIMADA following the [installation instructions for developers](https://climada-python.readthedocs.io/en/stable/guide/Guide_Installation.html#Install-CLIMADA-from-sources-(for-developers)).
2. Additionally, install the packages for developers:

    ```
    $ conda update -n climada_env -f climada_python/requirements/env_developer.yml
    ```
3. In the CLIMADA repository, create a new feature branch from the latest `develop` branch:

    ```
    $ git checkout develop && git pull
    $ git checkout -b feature/my-fancy-branch
    ```
4. Implement your changes and commit them with [meaningful and well formatted](https://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html) commit messages.
5. Add [unit and integration tests][testing] to your code, if applicable.
6. Use [Pylint](https://pypi.org/project/pylint/) for a static code analysis of your code with CLIMADA's configuration `.pylintrc`:

    ```
    $ pylint
    ```
7. Add your name to the [AUTHORS](/AUTHORS) file.
8. Push your updates to the remote repository:

    ```
    $ git push --set-upstream origin feature/my-fancy-branch
    ```

>     **NOTE:** Only team members are allowed to push to the original repository.
>     If you lack permissions, you need to [fork the CLIMADA repository](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_python/fork) and add this fork as a new [remote](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Basics-Working-with-Remotes) to your local repository.
>     You can then push to the fork remote:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **NOTE:** Only team members are allowed to push to the original repository.
    Most contributors are/will be team members. To be added to the team list and get permissions please contact one of the [owners](https://github.com/orgs/CLIMADA-project/people).
    Alternatively, you can [fork the CLIMADA repository](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_python/fork) and add this fork as a new [remote](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Basics-Working-with-Remotes) to your local repository.
    You can then push to the fork remote:
```

    ```
    $ git remote add fork <your-fork-url>
    $ git push --set-upstream fork feature/my-fancy-branch
    ```

>     If you would like to request permissions for the main repository, please contact the [team members](https://github.com/orgs/CLIMADA-project/people).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
